Let's go to the Oracle Cloud console and create a policy with this statement,
then quick create a Kubernetes cluster so you can see just how easy it is.
From your Oracle Cloud console, go to the Governance and Administration section,
then Identity, Policies.
We're going to create a policy.
Be sure to select the root compartment, as this is a tenancy-level configuration.
Give the policy a name and a description,
then add the statement, Allow service OKE to manage all-resources in tenancy.
Select Create, then you can see that the policy was created.
To quick create a cluster, go to the Solutions and Platform menu,
then Developer Services, Container Clusters OKE.
Select the compartment that you would like the cluster to be created in,
then click Create Cluster.
Give your cluster a name and be sure Quick Create is selected.
The Kubernetes version will default to the latest so we'll just leave that.
Select whether you want your worker nodes in a public or private subnet,
then select the shape and number of nodes that you would like in your node pool.
If you would like to be able to SSH into your nodes, you could enter a key here.
You can also add any Kubernetes labels you would like
here by providing key value pairs.
By default, it will also enable the Kubernetes dashboard, as well as Tiller.
Once you click Create,
you can see each item that is being created for you in the quick-create process.
These are the items in your tenancy that the
service needed permission to create.
The virtual cloud network, internet gateway,
NAT gateway, route tables, security lists,
and subnets.
The cluster and node pool will take a little bit longer so
let's close this and go to the dashboard.
Here is the dashboard for your cluster.
Notice under the status it says Creating.
Right now it is creating the actual Kubernetes cluster with
some parts being in Oracle tenancy like the Kubernetes master
and underlying infrastructure,
and some parts being in your tenancy like the node pool.
Under node pool details,
you can see the different availability domains and
subnets where the nodes will be hosted.
After a few minutes, you should see your cluster transition to the Active status.
At this point, you can see all of the details about your cluster, as well as the nodes in the node pool.